# Microsoft-codefundo-
CodeAlchemists on Microsoft Codefundoo++

We intend to create a blockchain which enables voters to vote during elections even if they might not be staying in their assigned constituencies during the time of elections. We plan to do this by creating a database of voters, and along with already existing details about voters, we add another field called 'Trusted Contacts' for each voter in this database. In most cases, the 'Trusted Contacts' for every voter will be his/her parents, spouse, siblings or children. If the situation arises that the voter is faraway from his/her constituency during elections, the trusted contact will confirm the voter's absence with the concerned authorities, in which case the voter will be allowed to vote for his/her constittuency through an app (developed by us) from wherever he/she is. In circumstances like passing away of one's trusted contact, voters having the deceased trusted contact as mutual trusted contact will be linked to each other, and will be instantly given the opportunity to add each other's names in their own trusted contacts list.

The app solves another important issue - names missing from voters list. Every valid voter having verified information on the app will be guaranteed the right to vote, and thus the app will act like an insurance or a backup to the already existing voters list cooncept. The voter will be allowed to vote even if his/her name is missing from the list if he can showcase his credentials through the app at the time of voting.
